content/forhandlere/index.en.md, before:

+++

## Base info
title = "Dealers"
date = 2018-03-25T16:58:30+02:00
draft = false
url = "/en/dealers/"

## Custom params
button_text = "Contact me"
button_link = "mailto:%72%6F%6C%73%74%65%64%2E%64%65%73%69%67%6E%40%67%6D%61%69%6C%2E%63%6F%6D"
rel_illustration = "Butterfly"

## Add to main menu
[menu.main]
name = "Dealers"
weight = 3

+++

My illustrations are not yet available for purchase outside of Denmark, but I'm working hard on changing that. Until then, give me a follow on {{% class "c-link" %}}[Facebook](http://www.facebook.com/rolsteddesign){{% /class %}}, {{% class "c-link" %}}[Instagram](ttp://www.instagram.com/rolsteddesign){{% /class %}} or {{% class "c-link" %}}[Pinterest](http://www.pinterest.com/rolsteddesign){{% /class %}} and I'll make sure to let you know once it happens (or new illustrations are released).

#### Become a Rolsted dealer
If you own an online poster store and would like to sell my illustrations, I would very much like to hear from you. Send me an email below and I'll get back to you as soon as possible.

Commit message:

Dealer added - and CSS fixed

content/forhandlere/index.en.md, after:

+++

## Base info
title = "Dealers"
date = 2018-03-25T16:58:30+02:00
draft = false
url = "/en/dealers/"
layout = "dealers"

## Custom params
button_text = "Contact me"
button_link = "mailto:%72%6F%6C%73%74%65%64%2E%64%65%73%69%67%6E%40%67%6D%61%69%6C%2E%63%6F%6D"
rel_illustration = "Butterfly"

## Add to main menu
[menu.main]
name = "Dealers"
weight = 3

+++

Please note that some illustrations are not yet available for purchase on Present Image. Until then, give me a follow on {{% class "c-link" %}}[Facebook](http://www.facebook.com/rolsteddesign){{% /class %}}, {{% class "c-link" %}}[Instagram](ttp://www.instagram.com/rolsteddesign){{% /class %}} or {{% class "c-link" %}}[Pinterest](http://www.pinterest.com/rolsteddesign){{% /class %}} and I'll make sure to let you know once more dealers are added (or new illustrations are released).

#### Become a Rolsted dealer
If you own an online poster store and would like to sell my illustrations, I would very much like to hear from you. Send me an email below and I'll get back to you as soon as possible.
